In your own words, what is a computer really doing whenever you type a letter on a
keyboard? (150 words max)
A computer sends a message to the software on your screen to put the character you input
when you press that specific character button onto the screen by taking a memorized image
of the character your inputting to output. It's flexible enough to be inputted on any 
software where you can type characters.

In your own words, how do computers use input and output to create experiences? (250
words max)
Input and output are a correlated cycle of receiving and giving out information from the
perspective of the computer which helps us interact with the computer and communicate and 
create experiences.

Explain why software products are essentially “infinitely reproducible nothings.” (150
words max)
Software is intangible so it can be presumed to be nothing even though it can be made and 
recreated in many different ways and versions that can branch off and expand at our hands.

Explain in your own words how code becomes software. (150 words max)
Codes have to go through different steps to become software, like the ingredients to a recipe.
The code has to go through parsing, compiling, and interpreting by the computer to be seen 
and executed as a software program. And this can be executed through different methods due to
the flexibility behind coding language. 

Explain “algorithms” in your own words. (150 words max)
Algorithms are rigid, set-in sequences to calculate and solve a problem.

Explain the DRY principle. (100 words max)
Don't repeat yourself (DRY) is a platitude to try to reduce repeating patterns to avoid 
redundancy so that your software can run more effieciently and more easily maintained.

In your own words, what is object-oriented programming? (100 words max)
Object-oriented programming focuses on "objects", which often hold data and code in subsequent
classes, and organizes these classes to be easily manipulated.

In your own words explain data and how it relates to code. (100 Words max)
Data is factual and statistical information collected and code can organize this data and manipulate
it to be more easily understood.

What is a framework? (150 words max)
A framework is a foundation to build software. It makes things more convenient as a starting point.

What is debugging? (150 words max)
Debugging is finding computer program issues so they can be corrected to make the program
work again.

Now, with more of an understanding of what code is, why do you want to learn how to
code? (500 words max)
I think coding is a fascinating process that has so many possibilities. It makes me want to
learn more and create new things from my own hand because I find that kind of process extremely
satisfying. It also has the prospect of influecing other people and I think that's the kind
of impact I want to leave in this world.